EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/basket/basket_ui/adding_products_to_the_basket.md

# Adding products to the basket

> To successfully add products to the basket you need to provide some mandatory parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To successfully add products to the basket you need to provide mandatory parameters.
```

## Mandatory parameters

|Fixed parameters|Required|Value|Description|
|--- |--- |--- |--- |
|ses_basket[0][quantity]|YES||The quantity to be ordered. If empty the eZ Commerce will use 1 instead, as long as the parameter ses_basket[0][ses_ignore_quantity] is not set.|
|ses_basket[0][ses_ignore_quantity]||1|If set, eZ Commerce will not use 1 instead of empty quantity.|

> |ses_basket[0][sku]|YES||The SKU to be ordered. There has to be a valid `CatalogElement` for the given SKU.|

Reviewer 2: As a matter of preference, I would write:
A valid `CatalogElement` must exist for the given SKU.

|ses_basket[0][isVariant]|YES FOR VARIANTS|isVariant|Should be set if product is a variant.|
|ses_basket[0][ses_variant_code]|YES FOR VARIANTS||Variant code of the ordered variant.|

> |ses_basket[0][updateNotPermitted]||1|Can be optionally passed, if you want to avoid, that the line with given SKU will be updated.</br>If set, a new basket line will be created every time when user adds the product with the same SKU to the basket.|

Reviewer 2: Could it be:
"Passed optionally, if you want to avoid updating the line with the given SKU."
?
"a new basket line is be created"

> |ses_basket[0][updateNotPermitted]||1|Can be optionally passed, if you want to avoid, that the line with given SKU will be updated.</br>If set, a new basket line will be created every time when user adds the product with the same SKU to the basket.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ses_basket[0][updateNotPermitted]||1|Can be passed optionally if you want to avoid updating the line with given SKU will.</br>If set, a new basket line will be created every time the user adds a product with the same SKU to the basket.|
```

## Additional parameters

Any other parameter that is set correctly will be passed to the basket and stored in the `basketLine.remoteDataMap`.

Example: `ses_basket[0][remark]`

The values are forwarded to the `priceRequest`/ERP as well.

### Template

> Please note that the form tag which is used for the basket box only has to be moved to the product.twig.html template.

Reviewer 2: "Please note that " redundant. If it is a note, we can use note format. Otherwise, we can strip the decoration.

> Please note that the form tag which is used for the basket box only has to be moved to the product.twig.html template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the form tag which is used for the basket box has to be moved to the `product.twig.html` template.
```

> In addition `<div class="js_add_to_basket_parent">` has to be added in order to tell JavaScript to collect this data as well.

Reviewer 2: I'd go along the lines of:
Also, `<div class="js_add_to_basket_parent">` must be added to tell JavaScript to collect this data as well.

```
<LineItem>
    ....
    <SesExtension>
        <set_18508050>18508050</set_18508050>
    </SesExtension>
```

!!! caution

    - It is not possible to use arrays in this case (e.g. `ses_basket[0][list][0]`)

>     - The key (here `remark`) must be a string and follow the rules for tag names since the key is converted to a tag later on when a price request is performed

Reviewer 2: I suggest to use ", because" instead of "since". Also, I'd remove "later on"

>     - The key (here `remark`) must be a string and follow the rules for tag names since the key is converted to a tag later on when a price request is performed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The key (here `remark`) must be in a string format and follow the rules for tag names because the key is converted to a tag during a price request.
```

### How to add one product to the basket?

> Simple example using a standard POST form:

Reviewer 2: using -> that uses

> Simple example using a standard POST form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add to basket POST request:
```

!!! note

>     If you want to add more products to the basket (e.g. from wishlist), you need one form around all lines that will add all lines to the basket at once, but you might also need to add only one single product from the list.

Reviewer 2: "from the wishlist"

>     To add single product to the basket, you need to define parent elements with the class `.js-product-line`.

Reviewer 2: "a single"

### Example for using Ajax

> You need to define one parent element with the class .js-add-to-basket-parent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to define one parent element with the class `.js-add-to-basket-parent`
```

    `.js-add-all-to-basket` - use if you want to add more products to the basket at once

> Example using Ajax:

Reviewer 2: I'd remove the line completely, it simply repeats what the header says already.
